DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We just might have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
MARUCHO: So I guess Dan and Drago are on the other side
battling Mag Mel and Razenoid.
TRISTAR: Then we need to do our part down here.
PAIGE: Yeah there's still a bunch of Titans
and Chaos Bakugan that need cleaning up.
SPECTRA: Hmmmph, sounds like fun.
SHUN: Quit joking. The fate of the world is at stake!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: The Final Takedown
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
RAZENOID: Hmmph! Today's the day your luck...
finally runs out, Drago!
DRAGO: We'll see who the unlucky one is, Razenoid!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
Haaaah!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: Oooomph!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: [groan] Don't worry. I'm okay pal.
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Wonder Superior!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
MAG MEL: You think that's enough to take us down?
Ability activate!
MAG MEL: Negative Shambhala!
DRAGO: What?
MAG MEL: Time to disappear!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: Whoooooooa!
DAN: [gasp] Huh!
DAN: Zenthon and Zenthon Titan...
DRAGO: But how? We didn't summon them?
ZENTHON: We are both connected at a core level to our masters.
ZENTHON TITAN: You needn't always call our names...
to summon us.
DAN: Awesome!
MAG MEL: Hmmmph. What good is a Mechtogan...
with its own free will?
RAZENOID: You two have clearly lost control!
MAG MEL: Which is just further proof that you are...
doomed to suffer defeat at our hands!
RAZENOID: Come Dreadeon and Dreadeon Titan!
[heavy ground impacts]
[computer beeps and trills]
MAG MEL: I'm going to take you down,
but before I deliver the final blow,
I'm going to make you watch as I destroy Earth.
DAN: What is your problem Mag Mel, huh?
What have these people ever done to you?
Why can't you just leave them alone?
MAG MEL: Such weak and pathetic creatures!
DAN: You're insane!
MAG MEL: Consider this payback. What better way...
to defeat your enemy than to destroy...
that which they treasure the most.
DAN: So that's the reason why you're doing this!
DRAGO: A real warrior would only battle his true enemy.
There is no pride in harming the innocent!
RAZENOID: You're missing the point.
Neither guilt nor innocence matter to us.
Those ridiculous concepts only matter to fools like you!
Our only goal is to see you sufffffeeerrrrrr!
DRAGO: [angry grunt] DAN: You creeps!
MAG MEL: The sooner you realize that anger and hatred
is what fuels us, the better equipped...
you'll be to battle us!
MAG MEL: You see, Kuso, when we came into contact...
with the power of the Sacred Orb,
these characteristics were magnified in us.
It caused us to undergo a type of metamorphosis.
Our hunger for such things increased so much...
that just as our hearts hardened,
so too did our exteriors.
We were incased in an armour of evil.
MAG MEL: And now, the full power of our transformation!
DAN: I've had it with you!
DAN: That's it. No more of your destruction!
DAN: This ends noooooooow!
COMPUTER HYDE: Present number of remaining...
Mechtogan Titans eighty-seven.
High Intensity Laser penetration to the Earth's core...
has now reached seventy percent completion.
Threat level currently sits at condition red.
GUS: At this rate, it's only a matter of hours...
before the Earth explodes.
HELIOS: Then I guess we'd better step it up,
and wipe out the rest of these Titan pests.
SPECTRA: Exactly. Let's go, Helios!
HELIOS: I'm with you!
VULCAN: It's been a while since we've battled.
GUS: I know it'll be fun. Let's go, Vulcan!
[heavy ground impact]
[electric drill buzzing]
GUS: Ability activate!
GUS: Hyper Impact!
VULCAN: Open wiiiide!
SPECTRA: Well done, Gus.
GUS: Thank-you, Master Spectra!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Rangrok Buster!
HELIOS: That should have done more damage!
Let's try something stronger!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
Mauser Impact!
COMPUTER VOICE: Consolidating energy from all systems,
Booster Charge complete, Fire when ready.
HELIOS: Here we go!
HELIOS: This one's going to huuuuuuuuuuuuurt!
[huge explosion]
SHUN: Let's go!
SHUN: Silent Strike Titan!
[computer beeps and trills]
SILENT STRIKE TITAN: By your command, I will strike down...
all evil that stands in our way!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Truth Core, Supreme Slash!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaah!
SHUN: Keep going. There's plenty more out there!
MARUCHO: Let's hit them, hard!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Press Impulse!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaaah!
Huuuuaaaaaah!
NOAH: This is impossible.
NOAH: There's just too many of them!
ROBIN: Oh no, this doesn't look good.
BEN: Ya, you said it pal.
MARUCHO: [angry grunt] You can't give up!
JACK: Whooooaa!
Huh?
MARUCHO: What would Dan say if he was here?
Huh guys?
PAIGE: We're just getting warmed up here!
BOULDERON: [rising mighty roar]
BOULDERON: Haaaaaaah!
RAFE: Now, Wolfurio!
WOLFURIO: In the name of the Castle Knights...
and my new family the Battle Brawlers, I'll take you down!
BOULDERON: That goes double for me!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Maximum Striker!
MAG MEL: Ability activate!
MAG MEL: Hyper Meteor Destruction!
RAZENOID: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaah!
DRAGO: Whoa! That's a lot of energy!
DAN: Hold tight, buddy!
MAG MEL: Can you hear the screams of all those...
trapped in the dark reverse dimension?
Sitting there helpless, their fate sealed.
DAN: Enough!
MAG MEL: How do you think they'll feel,
knowing that the mighty Dan Kuso and his partner,
Drago have failed them yet again?
DAN: I've had enough of your smack talk, Mag Mel.
You're not gonna get inside my head!
MAG MEL: That's it! Get angry!
Surrender to its beauty!
It will give you power like you've never known!
Maybe you and I are not so different, Kuso.
DAN: Huh? [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Ooooomph!
DRAGO: Dan!
RAZENOID: Your turn, Drago!
Hmmmph!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax] Ooooomph!
DAN: Drago!
RAZENOID: [evil chuckle] You're so weak,
it's embarrassing, Drago!
[mighty roar]
MAG MEL: Funny, I thought you'd be more of a challenge, Kuso.
[evil chuckle]
DAN: [groan]
DAN: You okay to keep going Drago?
DRAGO: Of course.
RAZENOID: Hah! You're both looking pretty shaky!
MAG MEL: Nevertheless, we admire your resilience.
Too bad it won't be enough!
RAZENOID: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Wonder Superior!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: Oooomph!
MAG MEL: Finish them, now!
DRAGO: [groan]
DAN: Dragooooooooo!
DAN: Whoa!
DRAGO: Just in time, guys!
ZENTHON: As the most loyal Mechtogan...
we will both come together...
ZENTHON TITAN: ...and drop the iron hammer of the Red Flame!
DAN: Wait guys!
[grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: Huh. Zenthon?
Zenthon Titan?
DAN: Where'd they goooo?
MAG MEL: Do you see all of the residual...
battle energy, Razenoid?
MAG MEL: Absorb it all and make it your own!
Then show them your true might!
RAZENOID: [mighty roar]
DAN: [gasp] What?
DRAGO: Got any ideas on how to beat that?
DAN: Na, but I'm working on it.
MAG MEL: [evil laughter]
RAZENOID: [mighty roar]
DAN: Drago! We have to avenge Zenthon and Zenthon Titan!
SHUN: Keep fighting everyone! Earth needs our help!
COMPUTER HYDE: High Intensity Laser penetration...
to the Earth's core has now reached eighty-five percent.
Threat level remains condition red.
[explosion]
SPECTRA: Come on hurry up, Gus!
GUS: Yes, Master Spectra.
HELIOS: Say goodnight!
PAIGE: Why don't you try a few of these!
PAIGE: Whoooaaaa!
BOULDERON: Oooomph!
Do you hear birds tweeting, Paige?
PAIGE: Shake it off! We've gotta get back in there!
PAIGE: There's too much at stake!
PAIGE: I won't let Gundalia be destroyed!
Or anywhere else! Do you hear me?
BOULDERON: Yeah, boss.
BOULDERON: I hear you loud and clear!
PAIGE: That's the spirit! Let's go!
WOLFURIO: I've got plenty more where that came from.
RAFE: Perfect. We've fought so long to bring peace to Neathia,
I won't let it be destroyed!
MARUCHO: That's what I'm talking about!
TRISTAR: [groan]
MARUCHO: You okay Tristar?
TRISTAR: I'm okay. I just needed to catch my breath.
I'm okay. I'm okay.
TAYLEAN: I think we're finally making progress!
SHUN: We'll keep fighting until they're all obliterated!
TAYLEAN: That's right!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Wonder Superior!
RAZENOID: All of your efforts are futile!
DRAGO: Hmmmph! [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
MAG MEL: Are you really that delusional to think...
you can beat me when I possess the ultimate power, Kuso?
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] [gasp]
MAG MEL: The very power that I was provided with...
from all of the brawling that you and the other battlers...
did in Bakugan Interspace.
MAG MEL: How ironic that you have given me...
the energy that will be the root of your downfall!
RAZENOID: [mighty roar]
DAN: What we gave them...
DRAGO: ...we can take away!
DAN: You said it.
DAN: You'll never defeat us!
DRAGO: Not in a million years!
MAG MEL: Your arrogance is quite laughable, boy!
RAZENOID: I'm going to enjoy burying you alive!
MAG MEL: Hyper Meteor Destruction!
NOAH: Whoooooa!
NOAH: Ooooomph!
NOAH: [groan]
ANUBIAS: Get up, kid.
NOAH: Huh? What?
ANUBIAS: You've come a long way as a battler...
since we first met.
Stay strong! You can do this.
NOAH: Sure Anubias. Thanks!
ANUBIAS: Hmmph.
NOAH: [gasp]
BEN: Get up, Noah now! Come on!
JACK: Yeah! Snap out of it, dude!
ROBIN: Come on, we have to attack them together.
NOAH: You're exactly right.
NOAH: Let's go Team Anubias!
ALL: Ability activate!
CHRIS: Whooooa! SOON: [frustrated grunt]
CHRIS: [grunt,exertion reax] SOON: [grunt, exertion reax]
SOON: He's a tough one.
CHRIS: I know, what are we gonna do now?
SELLON: Open your eyes, ladies.
SOON: [panting, running reax] CHRIS: [panting, running reax]
DAN: [panting, running reax]
RAZENOID: Why do you keep resisting the inevitable?
There is no happy ending for you here.
DRAGO: We're not going to let you take any elements...
from Bakugan Battling and use them...
for such evil purposes!
RAZENOID: Oh really?
DAN: You're not going to demolish...
everything we've built! You got that?
DAN: You and Mag Mel may have shared a bond with us,
but it's nothing like the one that exists...
between me and the other Brawlers!
Nothing is going to tear us apart!
DAN: So get ready we're going to take that power back from you!
DRAGO: You were never worthy enough to possess it!
MAG MEL: The power of the gate and key...
RAZENOID: It doesn't matter!
Whatever shards you have remaining won't be...
enough to take me down!
Haaaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: Hmmm?
MAG MEL: What?
DAN: Huh?
DAN: Whoa!
DAN: Fusion Dragonoid!
DRAGO: Check it out! This is cool.
MAG MEL: Are you trying to tell me that your hubris alone...
was enough to allow you to evolve yet again?
MAG MEL: Whatever the case, your transformation...
is petty and will do nothing to stop us.
DAN: Not a chance, Mag Mel!
MAG MEL: What did you say?
DRAGO: None of the power you have is your own.
It's all been hijacked. So it's going to fail you.
RAZENOID: Silence fools!
RAZENOID: You're no longer the most powerful Bakugan, Drago!
I am! So stop living in the past and accept your destiny.
It's over for you!
DRAGO: You were never better than me Dharak!
MAG MEL: How dare you call him by his old name!
Dharak is gone, only Razenoid exists!
DAN: Sure, Barodius!
MAG MEL: You're going to pay for your disrespect!
RAZENOID: [mighty roar]
Haaaaaaaaah!
MAG MEL: What?
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
RAZENOID: Hold still you little insect!
RAZENOID: You're only making this harder on yourself.
Haaaaaah!
DAN: Don't slow down! Keep moving around like that...
and you'll tire him out, Drago!
DRAGO: Time to show them our full power!
DAN: Yeeeeeeeeeaaaah! Hit it!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: Huh?
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: [grunt, exertion reax]
RAZENOID: But my powers... This can't be happening!
I can't lose to these puny rodents!
It's impossible!
RAZENOID: I cannot be defeeeeeated!
MAG MEL: What?
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: [grunt, exertion reax]
RAZENOID: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MAG MEL: I'm not sure how,
but you've defeated me, once again, Kuso.
Still your victory will be short lived!
MAG MEL: My final demise will mean the immediate...
and uncontrolled release of the vast amount...
of energy I have collected.
Which spells utter disaster and the end for you.
So once again you've caused your own downfall.
MAG MEL: It's time for us both to fade awaaaaaaaay!
DAN: Whooooaaaa!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
SHUN: Huh? The Dark Moon!
SHUN: Something's happening!
PAIGE: Did you do that?
RAFE: Nope, wasn't me.
PAIGE: [grunt] [gasp] RAFE: [grunt] [gasp]
COMPUTER HYDE: High Intensity Laser penetration to...
the Earth's core has gone through total reversal.
COMPUTER HYDE: Threat level has been completely neutralized.
COMPUTER HYDE: All dimensional worlds are now safe.
KATO: Hmmm? KYOSUKE: Huh?
MIYOKO: Huh? [gasp]
MAN A: Hey look! It's gone!
WOMAN A: The dark moon?
MAN B: Yeah, that's right.
KID A: Whoooa! Look at the Zams!
ROBIN: Think we should tell them...
how close they were to disaster?
JACK: Nah, why spoil the mood.
BEN: Wonder what happened to Dan?
MARUCHO: Drago, Dan come in! You read me?
MARUCHO: Hey guys you there?
TRISTAR: Maybe when the dark moon disappeared,
they went with it.
MARUCHO: No Tristar. Don't talk like that!
SPECTRA: It looks like Kuso went down saving the rest of us.
SPECTRA: He was very brave.
HELIOS: What a waste.
HELIOS: How could you lose Drago?!
SPECTRA: Hmmm? What's this?
CHRIS: Wow! [giggles]
SOON: Oh wow! So pretty!
CHRIS: Sure is!
MARUCHO: Look! Over there!
DAN: [gasp] [groan]
DRAGO: Dan...
DAN: [gasp] Drago! What happened pal?
DRAGO: I'm not sure, but look...
RAFE: [gasp] PAIGE: Yeeeeaaaah!
ALL: [laughter]
KID C: Look, real Bakugan!
KID E: Wicked!
KID F: Look Mommy!
DYLAN: Never a dull moment around here.
MIYOKO: Dan...Drago, welcome home!
DAN: Home, sweet home!
DRAGO: It sure does feel good to be back.
In fact better than ever!
DAN: You know it, huh?
SOON: Welcome back!
PAIGE : What took you so long?
MARUCHO: I knew you'd be back!
JACK: [laughter] Yeah, what happened?
MARUCHO: Yeah, tell us how you did it!
DAN: Whoa! Marucho okay, easy guys, easy!
DAN: Aww, no big deal.
[MUSIC]